Isn't your child already aborted?
Why are you still retching?
I've been having a stomach upset recently.
I always retch and nausea after taking stomach medicine
Again
How could Mr. Long let me have his child?
It has to be you too.
After all, you are Mr. Long's fiancee
I know.
If you let him know
Not only is the child not aborted
I also married the CEO
This crazy woman is probably going crazy
Anna, what do you want to eat tonight?
Go shopping. Okay.
No problem uh
Miss Shen, I'm sorry to leave a little early
Where did you hear the voice on the phone just now?
Mrs. Liu
Look, why are you with Mrs. Liu?
It's really a narrow road for enemies
Miss Shen, do you know my cousin too?
I just had surgery
I asked my cousin to come and take care of me
Yeah, yeah.
I have to take care of him
So Ann's arrangement will recover so well.
Mrs. Liu is our nanny
Better not to borrow this maintenance worker
Otherwise I won't let you go
I know my place.
I'm not interested in the CEO
We'll go first
You go first
Good thing you kept the baby
Otherwise, you will die the day your child is born.
What do you mean?
At the Rong family
Bastard children will be forced to go abroad
Brother Rong's half-brother Long Xiuyuan
It's illegitimate
His mother died the day she gave birth to him
If you dare to keep the child secretly
Just waiting to be pressed out of the country
Carve somewhere else